Knouted you learn about the binder and The Last Lecture.
We can also have a look at dynamically setting and changing styles and see us as classes for our elements.
Let's say we want to give each element here in the list item a style depending on where for the number.
So this number here is odd or even.
Well we can do this by using the point again and binding to style.
So this normal style attribute each HDMI element supports this.
Now expects to get a javascript object because it isn't the default style element anymore.
It's now controlled by beauteous and for setting the style view now expects to get a javascript object
where the key the property defines which style to set.
Like with hied background color and the value is the actual style.
Since this is now a javascript object we can of course now set the Stiner amicably so we could set back
ground color and here it's important to use the camel case notation.
So this javascript background color property Alternatively use single quotation marks to enclose background
color with the dash because the dash is not a support of character in property names.
So you have to choose either of the two approaches.
So with that background color and now we want to set this dynamically right.
So what we can do is we can add a new method get color maybe get color as a function therefore and all
we do here is we return which color we want to set.
So here I expect to get a number as an argument and then I simply check if the number is odd or even.
So I can simply say return number then modulus is division operator of your 2 and if dad gives us back
something we know it's OT because we have a remainder.
If it is zero what we get back then it's true because then the division well can be made without any
remaining part.
So if turn number is equal to zero.
Then we know it's a even number.
So we can then that's just a turner expression again.
We can then return let's say green for even numbers or red for all the Obert so odd numbers again just
the ternary expression with condition.
Then the.
Well if the condition is true return value ante if the condition is false return value.
We can now use get color here in the style by adding get color and simply pass element which is just
a number as an argument.
If we do this and we hit Control enter and add new elements you see ot red that's even green and so
on.
And I guess that's super awesome because how easy is that to get the set styles.
And of course you can use any logic you want to dynamically set Stahl's.